Adding Lambda Function URL configuration (#1997)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/alerts/webhook-connections/aws-lambda.md

For example, you can create a Monitor that triggers a Lambda function when too many requests are received from a suspicious IP address. The Lambda function can shut down additional requests from that IP address, while simultaneously sending a notification to the security team for review.

## How to expose a Lambda function

> To expose a expose a Lambda function, you can either call a Lambda Function URL or build an API in the API Gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To expose a Lambda function, you can use the **Enable function URL** option or build an API in the API Gateway.
```

For example, you can create a Monitor that triggers a Lambda function when too many requests are received from a suspicious IP address. The Lambda function can shut down additional requests from that IP address, while simultaneously sending a notification to the security team for review.

## Use Lambda Function URL or build an API in the API Gateway to expose a Lambda function

> Lambda can be called directly using **Function URL**. Check [Lambda Functions URLs documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/urls-configuration.html) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lambda can be called directly using **Function URL**. See [Lambda Functions URLs documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/urls-configuration.html) for details.
```

In more demanding use cases lambda can be accessed via **API Gateway**. To use this approach generate an Invoke URL, with a POST method for your Lambda function by creating an API in Amazon API Gateway. For information about exposing an HTTP endpoint in API Gateway, see Amazon's [API Gateway documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/getting-started.html).

Secure your Lambda Function URL or API Gateway method by selecting **AWS_IAM** for the authorization type in configuration on AWS side.

:::tip
Having URL to the webhook, copy and paste it into a notepad. You will need it to configure the webhook connection in the next section.
:::

> ## Create an IAM user with required priviledges 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create an IAM user with required privileges
```

### Lambda Function URL

> If you use Lambda Function URL create an IAM user with **lambda:InvokeFunctionUrl** action allowed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the Lambda Function URL, create an IAM user with **lambda:InvokeFunctionUrl** action allowed. 
```

:::caution
Required action is different than the *lambda:InvokeFunction* used in AWS managed IAM Policy *AWSLambdaRole* so one needs to create *Customer managed* role
:::

> <details><summary>Template for the IAM Policy</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details><summary>IAM Policy template</summary>

```

For example, you can create a Monitor that triggers a Lambda function when too many requests are received from a suspicious IP address. The Lambda function can shut down additional requests from that IP address, while simultaneously sending a notification to the security team for review.

## Use Lambda Function URL or build an API in the API Gateway to expose a Lambda function

Lambda can be called directly using **Function URL**. See [Creating and managing Lambda function URLs](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/urls-configuration.html) for details.

In more demanding use cases lambda can be accessed via **API Gateway**. To use this approach generate an Invoke URL, with a POST method for your Lambda function by creating an API in Amazon API Gateway. For information about exposing an HTTP endpoint in API Gateway, see Amazon's [API Gateway documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/apigateway/latest/developerguide/getting-started.html).

Secure your Lambda Function URL or API Gateway method by selecting **AWS_IAM** for the authorization type in configuration on AWS side.

:::tip

> Having URL to the webhook, copy and paste it into a notepad. You will need it to configure the webhook connection in the next section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have your webhook URL handy by copying and pasting it to a notepad. You'll need it to configure your webhook connection in the next section.
```

:::

## Create an IAM user with required privileges

### Lambda Function URL

If you use the Lambda Function URL, create an IAM user with **lambda:InvokeFunctionUrl** action allowed. 

:::caution
Required action is different than the *lambda:InvokeFunction* used in AWS managed IAM Policy *AWSLambdaRole* so one needs to create *Customer managed* role
:::

<details><summary>IAM Policy template</summary>

Custom policy: 
```json
{
    "Version": "2012-10-17",
    "Statement": [
        {
            "Effect": "Allow",
            "Action": [
                "lambda:InvokeFunctionUrl"
            ],
            "Resource": "arn:aws:lambda:*:*:function:*"
        }
    ]
}
```

</details>

### API Gateway

> If you use API Gateway, create an IAM user who has basic API gateway invoke access. You can use the AWS managed policy **AmazonAPIGatewayInvokeFullAccess**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use API Gateway, create an IAM user who has basic API gateway invoke access. You can use the AWS-managed policy **AmazonAPIGatewayInvokeFullAccess**.
```

:::tip
Having user account with required IAM policy assigned create AWS Access Key for this account and note **Access key** and **Secret access key** to authenticate Webhook connection in next section.

> :::

Author: Moving this from 'tip' to p2 for API Gateway section you'll need to copy the same for 'Function URL' section - in both cases one needs to have Access key and Secret access key handy.

For example, you can create a Monitor that triggers a Lambda function when too many requests are received from a suspicious IP address. The Lambda function can shut down additional requests from that IP address, while simultaneously sending a notification to the security team for review.

## How to expose a Lambda function

> To expose a expose a Lambda function, you can either call a Lambda Function URL or build an API in the API Gateway.

Author: Double "expose a" here. One to be removed?
"call a Lambda Function URL" needs to be replaced; I would rather say "enable Lambda Function URL"
<img width="1957" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/108746237/230338038-18e6002f-b876-4908-b365-58283354eef4.png">

Secure your Lambda Function URL or API Gateway method by selecting **AWS_IAM** for the authorization type in configuration on AWS side.

:::tip
Have your webhook URL handy by copying and pasting it to a notepad. You'll need it to configure your webhook connection in the next section.
:::

### Lambda Function URL

If you use the Lambda Function URL to expose a Lambda function, you'll need to:

1. Create an IAM user with the **lambda:InvokeFunctionUrl** action allowed.
  :::note
  This is different from the **lambda:InvokeFunction** action, which is used in the AWS-managed IAM Policy **AWSLambdaRole**.
  :::
2. Create and assign **Customer managed** policy.
   ```json title="IAM Customer Managed Policy template"
   {
       "Version": "2012-10-17",
       "Statement": [
           {
               "Effect": "Allow",
               "Action": [
                   "lambda:InvokeFunctionUrl"
               ],
               "Resource": "arn:aws:lambda:*:*:function:*"
           }
       ]
   }
   ```

> 3. Create an AWS Access Key for this account. Take note of your **Access key** and **Secret access key**, which you'll need in the next section to authenticate your Webhook connection.<br/><img src={useBaseUrl('img/connection-and-integration/customer-managed-policy.png')} alt="Customer managed policy" />

Author: I've shared picture to give you some context. Not sure if we should include this in our doc.

    * **Name.** Enter a name for the Connection.
    * **Description.** Optional: Enter a Description for the Connection.
    * **URL.** Enter the Invoke URL from the previous section.
    * **Access Key ID** and **Secret Access Key.** Enter AWS Access key and Secret access key for the account with required IAM policy assigned created in previous section.
    * **Region.** Select your region.
    * **Service Name.** 

>       * For Lambda Function URL enter **lambda** as the service name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * For Lambda Function URL enter **lambda** as the service name.
```

>       * For API Gateway enter **execute-api** as the service name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * For API Gateway, enter **execute-api** as the service name.
```
